(BSR) feat(doc): DE - add doc overview (#3839)
pass-culture/data-gcp: docs/team/de/apis.md

# APIs

> In the data ecosystem at Pass Culture, APIs play a crucial role in the data ecosystem at Pass Culture, enabling seamless data extraction from external data sources and availability of our internal services. This section provides an overview of the APIs developed and maintained by the data team, focusing on their exposure, usage, and documentation. It also provides an overview of the use of APIs to extract data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIs play a crucial role in Pass Culture' data stack. Their use range from from typical data extraction from various sources to exposing our services and data product within our network. This section provides an overview of the APIs developed and maintained by the data team, focusing on their exposure, usage, and documentation.
```

Reviewer: quelquechose comme ca
